Docpress (#39)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: docs/installation/register-webpack.md

# Register Webpack

> In order to use libraries webpack you'll need to have a `webpack.config.js` and `webpack-project.config.js` files in the root of your theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this library, you'll need to have a `webpack.config.js` and `webpack-project.config.js` files in the root of your theme.
```
